=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Net::Domain::TMCH - TradeMark Clearing House

=head1 INHERITANCE

 Net::Domain::TMCH
   is a Exporter

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  my $tmch  = Net::Domain::TMCH->new(%options);

  my $smd   = $tmch->smd($filename);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Draft RFC L<http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-lozano-tmch-func-07>
specifies a way for TLD (domain registries) to exchange information
about trademark rights, brand registrations.

This module manages the verification process of "SMD"-files, each
containing a crypto-signed XML structure of information related to
a single trademark claim.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 Constructors

=over 4

=item Net::Domain::TMCH-E<gt>B<new>(OPTIONS)

 -Option          --Default
  cert_revocations  <according to rfc>
  is_pilot          <false>
  smd_admin         <generated internally>
  smd_revocations   []
  tmch_certificate  <included>

=over 2

=item cert_revocations => FILENAME|URI

The CRL for invalidated TMV certificates.

=item is_pilot => BOOLEAN

=item smd_admin => L<Net::Domain::SMD|Net::Domain::SMD>-object

=item smd_revocations => FILENAME|URI|ARRAY

=item tmch_certificate => FILENAME

This must be a PEM file which contains the certificate on top of all
TMCH certificates.

=back

=back

=head2 Attributes

=over 4

=item $obj-E<gt>B<certRevocations>()

=item $obj-E<gt>B<isPilot>()

=item $obj-E<gt>B<smdAdmin>()

=item $obj-E<gt>B<smdRevocations>()

=item $obj-E<gt>B<tmchCA>()

=item $obj-E<gt>B<tmchCertficate>()

=back

=head2 Actions

=over 4

=item $obj-E<gt>B<smd>(FILENAME, OPTIONS)

Returns a L<Net::Domain::SMD::File|Net::Domain::SMD::File> object, reflecting what is kept inside
the named file.  C<undef> is returned when something is wrong.

 -Option            --Default
  accept_expired      <false>
  trust_certificates  <false>

=over 2

=item accept_expired => BOOLEAN

When true, you will be able to access expired SMD files.  This is
especially useful in regression tests, or when you process ancient
SMD files.

=item trust_certificates => BOOLEAN

Do not check the certificates inside the SMD file for validity.

=back

example: 

   my $smd = $tmch->smd($fh)
       or die "cannot use $fn: $@";

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

This module is part of Net-Domain-TMCH distribution version 0.12,
built on October 14, 2013.  Development was supported by NIC.at, the Austrian
Domainname Registry.

 Website: F<http://perl.overmeer.net/net-domain-tmch/>

The documentation and interface style is consistent with a large set of
modules, belonging to the L<XML::Compile> suite.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyrights 2013 by [Mark Overmeer]. For other contributors see ChangeLog.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.
See F<http://www.perl.com/perl/misc/Artistic.html>

