=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Net::Domain::TMCH::CRL - TMCH Certificates Revokation List

=head1 INHERITANCE

 Net::Domain::TMCH::CRL
   is a Exporter

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  # End-user interface

  my $tmch = Net::Domain::TMCH->new
    ( ...
    , revocation_list => $fn    # or $uri
    );
  $crl = $tmch->crl;

  # Internal usage

  my $crl  = Net::Domain::TMCH::CRL->fromFile($fn, %options);
  my $crl  = Net::Domain::TMCH::CRL->fromURI($uri, %options);

  if($crl->isRevoked($certificate)) ...
  if($crl->isRevoked($certificate->serial)) ...

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Draft RFC L<http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-lozano-tmch-func-07>
specifies a way for TLD (domain registries) to exchange trademark rights
(brand registrations).  This module manages the revocation list for TMV
(Trademark Validator) certificates.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 Constructors

=over 4

=item $obj-E<gt>B<fromFile>(FILENAME, OPTIONS)

Read a CRL from file, for instance a cached or test CRL.
The OPTIONS are passed to L<new()|Net::Domain::TMCH::CRL/"Constructors">.

=item $obj-E<gt>B<fromURI>(URI, OPTIONS)

Create a new CRL object from an URI, which is collected via LWP.  The
OPTIONS are passed to L<new()|Net::Domain::TMCH::CRL/"Constructors">.

=item Net::Domain::TMCH::CRL-E<gt>B<new>(OPTIONS)

 -Option --Default
  revoked  []
  source   <required>

=over 2

=item revoked => HASH|ARRAY

ARRAY of serial numbers from revoked certificates, or a HASH of which the
keys are the revoked serials.

=item source => STRING|FILENAME|URI

Identification for the source of this list, to be used in error message
and such.

=back

=back

=head2 Attributes

=over 4

=item $obj-E<gt>B<source>()

=back

=head2 Actions

=over 4

=item $obj-E<gt>B<isRevoked>(CERTIFICATE|SERIAL)

Checks whether a CERTIFICATE (Crypt::OpenSSL::X509 object) has been
revoked.  It is sufficient to provide a SERIAL number of the certificate.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

This module is part of Net-Domain-TMCH distribution version 0.11,
built on October 11, 2013. Website: F<http://perl.overmeer.net/xml-compile/>

Other distributions in this suite:
L<XML::Compile>,
L<XML::Compile::SOAP>,
L<XML::Compile::SOAP12>,
L<XML::Compile::SOAP::Daemon>,
L<XML::Compile::SOAP::WSA>,
L<XML::Compile::C14N>,
L<XML::Compile::WSS>,
L<XML::Compile::WSS::Signature>,
L<XML::Compile::Tester>,
L<XML::Compile::Cache>,
L<XML::Compile::Dumper>,
L<XML::Compile::RPC>,
L<XML::Rewrite>
and
L<XML::LibXML::Simple>.

Please post questions or ideas to the mailinglist at
F<http://lists.scsys.co.uk/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/xml-compile> .
For live contact with other developers, visit the C<#xml-compile> channel
on C<irc.perl.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyrights 2013 by [Mark Overmeer]. For other contributors see ChangeLog.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.
See F<http://www.perl.com/perl/misc/Artistic.html>

